Hi there.
Hey.
I’ll be your server
for tonight.
My name is Brian,
if you guys need anything.
What’s your name
if we don’t need anything?
Patricia.
[ Laughs ]
You’re quick,
Patricia!
Thanks. Our specialty
cocktail for tonight
is a basil-infused mojito.
Oh, yum!
We’ll take three.
No, that’s okay.
I’m good.
Come on now. Join us
for a specialty cocktail
on our specialty evening.
Three, please.
Okay.
You don’t drink it,
someone will.
Well, that Brian
sure is a cutie, huh?
I’d kill to have
those lips.
I mean on me.
I mean I want his lips
on my mouth.
Can’t we just cut
to the chase?
- He’s got great lips.
- No. What are we doing
here? What is this about?
Nothing. We wanted to have a fun
night out with our daughter.
Yeah! Just think of us
as your friends.
I don’t have
45-year-old friends.
Well, you don’t have
45-year-old parents yet
either, honey, so calm down.
Haley has no plan
for her future whatsoever.
She’s living
in our basement,
taking community college
classes in, well, meandering.
So we’re gonna take her out.
We’ll have some fun.
And then gently ease her
into a friendly conversation
about her future.
As opposed to the approach
that we’ve taken in the past.
[ Camera Shutter Clicks ]
Is this what you’re gonna do
with your life– sleep late
and take a selfie?
Why are you always
criticizing me? Is this really
how you want to start the day?
My day started
five hours ago.
I am under a lot of pressure!
How? How?
You take three classes a week,
and you miss half of them!
The parking is tricky!
Morning, sunshine.
I saved you some lunch.
I get it, okay?
I’m lazy! God!
[ Groans, Sighs ]
[ Camera Shutter Clicks ]
♪ Hey, hey ♪
♪ Hey ♪♪
[ Gloria Laughs ]
No!
[ All Laughing ]
You know what drives me crazy?
Getting these
customer satisfaction calls
during dinner.
They change the oil on your car,
they want a love letter.
I know. I’m waiting for a call
from my doctor’s office–
"Please rate
your prostate exam.
Would you say
you were satisfied?"
I hope you weren’t.
[ Laughs ]
"I hope you weren’t."
That’s a good one,
Gloria!
Do you know how hard it is to be
funny in a second language, Jay?
Esta hermosa dama
es muy buena.
Ay, Darlene,
you’re learning Spanish?
Yes, Shorty and I have been
taking classes.
We’re getting good.
Oh, yeah.
¡Es maravilloso!
You said,
"That’s wonderful," right?
My Italian helps me.
Why the sudden interest
in Spanish?
Actually, there’s something
we have to tell you. How’s this?
We’re moving
to Costa Rica!
Yeah!
What?
When?
In a couple of weeks. The cost
of living is so low down there.
We found this beautiful place
on the water.
It’s got its own
private beach.
Bathing suits are optional.
But encouraged.
Ay, I’m going
to miss you guys.
Don’t worry about it.
I give it three months, tops.
You hate the beach.
And you know how humid
it is down there?
I love the steam room at
the club. It’s the same thing.
Except I don’t have to see you
sitting there like a pile
of melted ice cream.
’Cause you’re Tom Selleck
in a towel.
I’m just ready for an adventure.
I want to try something new.
Stick around here. Pick up
a check every now and then.
Why do you always have to be
so negative? I think it’s great.
No, you’re right. I’m sorry.
I’m surprised, that’s all.
Let’s toast this amazing
new chapter of your lives.
To mosquitoes
the size of your fist.
This is why
all your friends
move away.
To us, alone at last.
We both look
very handsome tonight.
You know, if you’d just said
that I looked handsome,
I would have said, "So do you."
I couldn’t take
that chance. I wanted to
get off on the right foot.
Mitchell and I desperately
need a romantic night out
to reconnect.
Yeah. I don’t know
if it’s the stress
of planning a wedding,
but we’ve been
a little tense
with each other lately, huh?
Even our friend J’Marcus
said how bitchy we’ve been.
When did he say that?
At Pepper’s party that night
you wore those pants
that don’t fit you anymore.
Oh, right.
And you brought that bad wine
that everybody hated.
See?
We really need this.
We really do.
Oh, you know, Pepper said
that for our cake tasting,
we needed to have–
Ah, ah, ah, ah.
Remember our rules?
No wedding talk,
no Lily talk.
Sorry.
No, you’re right.
Hmm?
So, just gonna–
Should we hear
the specials again?
We can’t ask him a third time.
You know what I might try
when I’m down there? Surfing.
So it’s gonna be
a closed casket?
- My turn.
- What are you talkin’ about?
I just sunk the three ball.
Then you moved the cue ball
with your stick
while you were telling me...
how you were gonna move away
from Southern California
to try surfing.
- I didn’t touch the cue ball.
- Yeah, I know. But you did.
You’re calling me
a cheater? You?
The guy on a golf course
who can’t seem to count
higher than five?
Maybe I can’t keep track
of my shots because somebody
won’t stop talking.
It is in my nature to comment
on the bizarre and unusual
things I see in the world,
like that convulsion
you call a golf swing.
- You know what?
I’m done here.
- No, I’m done.
I will not have
my integrity questioned here.
I was a marine.
I served with guys who died.
Of old age.
You never left the States.
Are you saying
I didn’t serve my country?
Which one?
America or Costa Rica?
- What’s with you
and Costa Rica?
- It’s a terrible idea!
You get into things
without thinking
and you need to be rescued.
Like that time
you bought that car that was
supposed to turn into a boat.
- Yeah?
- It turned into a reef!
- That’s ’cause you left
your door cracked open!
- Yes, it was my fault.
Mark my words.
Costa Rica is another Amphibicar
at the bottom of a lake,
only this time,
I won’t be bailing you out!
Who asked you?
Darlene! We’re going!
What do you mean
we’re going?
Gracias, Gloria.
That was a lovely dinner.
And you are
an incredible woman...
for putting up
with this gringo!
[ Shorty ]
¡Adiós!
Come on.
What happened?
- Good luck in Costa Rica!
- Uh, thanks, Jay.
He didn’t mean it!
I know. I’m just trying
to defuse the tension.
[ Brian ]
Here we go, guys.
Oh, yeah!
Three more mojitos.
Yum!
Aren’t these yum?
[ Chuckles ]
I didn’t even drink
the first one.
Are you sure?
’Cause I don’t think
it drank itself.
No, it did not.
Look, I have
no problem drinking.
I can literally do it
standing on my head.
But, "A,"
not with my parents,
and plus, also,
I needed to stay sharp...
because they were
obviously up to something,
and I was in no mood.
I barely got 10 hours
of sleep last night.
[ Sighs ]
I’ll go get you guys
some more water,
and your food should be out
in just a few minutes.
Thanks so much, pal.
We appreciate it.
He seems like
a real go-getter, huh?
’Cause he goes
and gets things?
I wonder what he wants
to do with his life.
- I wonder that
about people all the time.
- I think that’s very common–
to wonder about
other people’s aspirations.
- I do it all the time.
- Yeah, you do. Yeah.
Here we go.
Hey, Brian.
You’re a young guy.
What do you want
to do after this?
What’s your plan?
Uh, to be
perfectly honest,
I’m probably gonna go home,
watch a movie and get high.
- [ Phil ] Oh.
- You guys looking
for something to do?
No. No, no.
I think I got extra.
- No, that’s–
- I think he meant
your plan for your life,
not just tonight.
Oh. I want to be
a screenwriter.
[ Inhales Sharply ]
Ambitious.
And-And so interesting.
Isn’t that interesting, Haley?
- Sure.
- You should tell him
what you’re doing.
You mean after we all go
get high with Brian?
That’s not happening.
I’m sorry. I meant–
I know what you meant.
Brian, could you
give us a second?
Uh, sure.
So this is what
this whole night’s about–
the drinks,
the pretending
to be my friend?
We are your friend.
Honey,
we care about you.
And we want to make sure
that you’ve got a plan,
’cause it seems like
you’re meandering.
No. Sweetie, don’t just start
texting because you don’t
like the conversation.
Here.
What is this?
That’s a blog
that I’ve been doing.
I’m really liking
my photography,
and people always say
that they like the way
that I dress,
so I’ve been posting
pictures of my outfits
on this site.
I know it’s not
a huge moneymaker
right now,
but I do get money whenever
someone clicks on a link
and buys something that I wore.
I’m gonna take
a business class
next semester,
which I’m hoping will
help me turn all of this
into becoming a stylist.
I have 1,200 followers.
Most are women who want
to know what to wear.
Some are men who want to know
what I’m wearing,
but I’m trying to figure a way
to block all of the pervs.
So, yeah.
I guess that is my plan.
It’s amazing.
We are so proud of you.
Don’t even, guys.
You always assume
the worst of me.
- Honey.
- No, you guys sit here...
acting like
we’re drinking buddies,
judging me,
when I have a better handle
on my future than either one
of you did at my age.
You? You wanted to be
a magician.
And you were changing
your major every three minutes,
according to Grandpa,
who, by the way,
has been drinking
with me for years...
because he loves me and he
thinks I say funny things
when I’m buzzed.
Mmm.
Well, apparently, the situation
in Syria is worsening.
I know.
In fact, now U.N. evidence
suggests that Assad–
Are you reading this
off your phone?
What?
You’re–
No!
Yeah.
I was just making sure
my facts were straight–
Cam?
before I started
a spirited conversation
of current events.
[ Scoffs ]
Yeah.
[ Clears Throat ]
What else does it say?
Oh, thank you.
Mmm. Sorry.
Is that the tuna tartare?
Yes, and it
is delicious.
Should’ve ordered it.
- Well.
- Would you like a taste?
Oh, no. But thank you.
That’s very sweet.
She really means it.
- Katie loves
sharing food.
- Me too.
I think it’s growing up
in a big family,
’cause everything
at suppertime on the table
was up for grabs.
We didn’t say grace.
We said, "On your marks,
get set, go."
You sound exactly like my dad.
He was from this really big
family in Missouri, and–
Shut up!
I’m a Missouri farm boy myself!
Stop!
Oh, my gosh!
I’m Cam.
[ Country Accent ]
Well, right pleased
to meet you, Cam.
- This is Brandon.
- Hi. She doesn’t really
talk like that.
Oh, well, he slips in and out
of his accent like Kate Winslet
in Titanic. [ Laughs ]
Uh, I’m Mitchell,
by the way.
Hi.
What’s yours, Brandon?
It looks delicious too.
It’s the truffle
Parmesan gnocchi.
- Ooh!
- You know what though?
If you want a bite of that,
you’re barking up
the wrong tree.
’Cause that dish is in
a strict no-share zone.
[ Laughs ] I just– I don’t
like people eating off my plate.
Yeah, because
you’re not an animal.
I’m the same way.
Oh, my gosh!
You’re exactly us!
No, you guys are
more interesting, ’cause you
have the whole gay thing.
Katie, you don’t know
if they’re gay.
Okay, that’s adorable.
Yeah, it was
a pretty safe bet.
Okay. I’m running
to the powder room.
Cam, please try the tartare,
because whatever you order,
I want a taste.
Okay. Don’t you dillydally,
because I ain’t exactly slow
once I tie on the ol’ feed bag!
Calm down, Honey Boo Boo.
- She’s so cute!
- Very adorable.
Brandon, what do you
do for a living?
Look, guys,
I hate to be blunt, but could
you please give us some space?
- Not a problem.
- [ Sighs ] Look, no, it’s–
I mean,
you guys are great,
but I’m gonna propose
to Katie tonight,
and I’m kind
of feeling–
What? Here?
Yeah.
Oh, my God!
That’s amazing!
We just got engaged
a few months ago.
Very good.
Yeah, so we will definitely
give you your privacy.
Absolutely.
Congratulations.
Good luck.
If you wanted, I could
pretend like I’m texting,
and I could video
the whole thing on my phone.
- That way you’d
have it forever.
- Really? That would be awesome.
Are you sure? He gets
very, uh, excited,
and he might give it away.
Mitchell, um, I think
I know Katie well enough to tell
if she’s getting suspicious.
Cam.
She said I could.
[ Drawer Slams ]
Where the hell’s the corkscrew?
- Do you want to talk about it?
- There’s nothing to talk about.
Shorty does dumb things
all the time.
You mark my words.
In three months, he’ll be
back here needing money.
Maybe this is not about Shorty
coming back. Maybe this is
about Shorty not coming back.
- Manny.
- What she’s saying is,
deep down,
you’re afraid Shorty’s
going to love Costa Rica,
and you’ll lose
your best friend forever.
That’s what you do. You push
people away, so when they leave,
it doesn’t hurt that much.
I don’t get it.
You’re the greatest generation,
but why can’t you feel?
Why can’t you spend your teen
years locked in your bedroom
like a normal kid?
See? Now he’s
doing it to me.
You have to face it, Jay.
One day, I’ll be moving
out of this house.
Can I get that in writing?
’Cause I can’t shake this image
of a 30-year-old you...
eating my food
and cuddling with my wife.
- Boys should never
stop cuddling their mothers.
- I’m gonna have nightmares!
You pretend to be so tough.
But you know what I think?
I think that deep down,
you’re the most sensitive person
in this house.
[ Raspberry ]
Hmm. See?
You did it again.
I say something
that strikes a nerve,
and immediately
you cannot handle it.
That’s why you–
[ Raspberry ]
in my face!
We just found the one thing
you can’t make sexy.
There it is again.
I need a drink.
Jay.
You have to make this right
with Shorty.
[ Sighs ]
You have to tell him
how you feel!
He has been a great compadre
with you for many years.
Besides, who else is going
to laugh at your jokes?
Lots of people
laugh at my jokes.
Name one person
that doesn’t work for you.
You know what?
Why don’t you two
just go cuddle?
Okay, here she comes.
Stay calm.
You’re gonna spoil it.
Ooh, that looks good.
- What is it?
- Um, this is
the grilled calamari.
It’s scrumptious.
Would you care for a ring?
- [ Silverware Clatters ]
- Um, I mean,
dig in there, girlfriend!
Oh, no, that’s okay.
Thank you.
This looks
so delicious.
Yeah, mine’s delicious too.
Katie,
you look
so beautiful tonight.
Aw.
[ Chuckles ]
You know, I-I’ve never met
anyone like you, and I know
that I never will, and I–
I love you so much.
Will you make me...
the happiest man on earth
and be my bride?
What?
[ Chuckles ]
Oh, my God!
No!
No?
[ Glass Shatters ]
[ Cameron ]
I’m sorry.
Did you know this place
used to be a bank?
Was it really?
Just– I don’t want
to be married, Brandon.
We’ll end up like one of
those couples that sits there
with nothing to talk about...
until we glom on
to other people.
I can’t believe this.
You– You don’t love me?
- [ On Phone ]
No!
- No?
I’m sor–
No!
I need some air.
[ Sighs ]
So, Syria. Any updates?
No, nothing yet.
Nothing.
Do you remember
how cute she was...
when she was little
and she couldn’t say her P’s?
"Bakeatatoes."
[ Laughs ]
And "attlesauce."
"Attlesauce"!
"Can I have attlesauce?"
First of all,
you’re screaming.
Can we just get
the check, please?
Could you please
not be mad at us anymore?
We are very sorry
that you felt manipulated.
You know what
I’m pretty sure is ironic?
Mm-mmm.
You guys spend
all this time worrying
about what I’m going to do,
and maybe you should
start thinking about
what you’re going to do.
What are you
talking about?
Well, what are you
gonna do when we’re gone?
What’s your plan?
Uh, to be fine.
Yeah.
’Cause we’re fine.
[ Phil ] Totally.
You guys are gone.
We get an R.V. Bam!
Me, Mama
and our dog, Merlin,
hit the open road.
No, I am not spending
my golden years...
driving around an R.V. park,
looking for a place
to plug my house in.
No. I am gonna go
see the world.
- Where do you wanna go?
- I don’t know, Phil.
India. Africa.
Diarrhea. Diarrhea.
Wow. It sounds like you guys
really need to start thinking
about your future.
Are you just gonna put Merlin
in a kennel when we’re gone?
Okay, Merlin doesn’t exist.
And why do you want to
get a dog to take care of
so soon after the kids leave?
Well, I’m gonna need
someone to love me, Claire.
And in the meantime, Mom,
Grandpa wants you
to take over the business,
but...
do you want that?
I-I guess I hadn’t thought
this far into the future.
And, Dad,
are you just gonna
keep selling houses?
I mean, I don’t want
to blow your mind here, but you
could still be a magician.
I could.
No.
- He couldn’t.
- Really?
Mm-mmm.
The salt shaker behind
your head says different.
- [ Gasps ]
- Oh, Phil, you’re getting
salt all over me!
I feel like
a margarita.
You got it.
No, no, no, no, no, no!
Just the check, please.
- Okay.
- Thank you so much.
- [ Phil ] Thanks, buddy.
- [ Claire ] Yeah.
Oh, no. I left my wallet
in the other coat.
I did not bring
my purse.
It’s fine, guys.
I got this.
- Honey, thank you.
- Oh. Thank you, sweetie.
I should probably
drive too, huh?
[ Phil ] Probably.
I g– Yeah.
Yeah.
Why don’t you guys
have the valet
pull the car up...
while I pay the check?
That we can do.
[ Snaps Fingers ]
You guys,
it’s that way.
Mm-hmm.
It is.
[ Mutters ]
Oh. Um–
You know, for the record,
we do have a lot to talk about.
Yeah, we took a couple of topics
off the table because we wanted
to have a romantic date night.
And it probably put
too much pressure on it
to be special,
but the truth is,
every day I spend
with this man is special.
Oh, Cam!
Oh, no,
I’m the lucky one.
There we are.
I’m sorry. I guess I just
panicked when Brandon asked me.
We’re so different, and I know
it seems petty, but it speaks
to something bigger.
I don’t know if I can spend
the rest of my life...
with the kind of guy
who won’t let me eat
off his plate.
- Trust me. It can be done.
- And I should not make
such a big deal about that.
- I promise
I’ll try and do better.
- No, you’re right.
You don’t like it,
and I should respect that more.
Are you guys married?
Oh, this May. But, basically,
we’ve been married for years.
Yeah.
And is Cam everything
that I dreamed of?
- Tread lightly, counselor.
- Yes. Yes, he is.
Because through all
the compromises...
and negotiations and arguments
and sometimes even boredom,
I cannot picture
my life without him.
That’s very sweet.
I would’ve scooted past
the boredom, but–
At the end of the day, you have
to ask yourself, can you imagine
your life without this person?
Huh.
Hey. All right, look.
I paid the check, okay?
- Let’s just go.
- Can you just please sit?
I’ve been talking to
the guys here, and they’ve
really opened my eyes.
They did?
Yes.
I’ve been trying to picture
my life without you,
and... you know what?
I can.
- We didn’t tell her that.
- I didn’t say that.
No, I want what you guys have,
okay? I’m sorry, Brandon.
I am so sorry,
but we both
deserve that.
I’ve never been
so sure of anything.
You know what?
I’m just gonna
go get a cab, okay?
Good-bye.
And thank you.
- Don’t-Don’t thank us!
- We didn’t do anything, so–
We didn’t. Honestly.
This is the worst night
of my life.
I’m sorry.
But, I mean, um,
at least now it’s over.
You can...
start to move on.
[ Katie ] I’ve been trying
to picture...
my life without you,
and... you know what?
- Stupid phone.
- I can.
It’s a...
devil phone.
[ Jay ]
When Mitchell was born,
he was a month premature,
so it was touch and go there
for a while.
It’s 2:00 a.m.
I walk out into the hospital
waiting room to get some air,
and there’s Shorty.
He’d been sitting there
for six hours and refused
to leave for the next two days.
That’s where we got
Mitchell’s middle name.
Not Shorty. Vincent.
M.V.P.
We were a little premature
on that one too.
Gloria,
I’m going for a drive.
- Say hi to Shorty for me.
- I’m not talking to you.
Hey.
I was just coming
to see you.
Um, I left my jacket.
Oh!
There it is.
Come on in.
[ Door Closes ]
Shorty, you know
that stuff I said, uh–
Yeah, I get it.
We’re good, huh?
Under the bridge.
All right. I’ll see you.
Shorty, wait.
I need to say something
to you.
Yeah.
I want to thank you...
for all the great times
we’ve had.
[ Chuckles ]
Yeah. We, um–
We had a lot of laughs.
Yeah.
And you should know
that, uh,
you’re my best friend.
You know?
Probably the best friend
I’m ever gonna have.
Jay, I, uh–
What are you doing to me?
This is hard for me.
I’m just–
I’m just trying
to tell you how I feel.
Well, I’m gonna
tell you how I feel.
I admire
the hell out of you, Jay.
I always tell Darlene,
"That’s a real guy."
Self-made, stand-up.
The kind of guy you want
to be in a foxhole with.
I’m not all that.
Well, it’s not like
I’ve been in a foxhole.
[ Chuckles ]
I’m gonna miss you,
Vincent.
I’m gonna miss you too.
I love you.
[ Breathes Deeply ]
I love you too, Jaybird.
[ Jay ]
I really, really do.
[ Crying ]
You call me, okay?
Every day!
[ Crying ]
Every damn day!
[ Sobbing ]
I’m being honest.
This is a little girlier
than I thought.
Ugh.
[ Sobbing Continues ]
Two years.
How could she
just walk away?
You know what?
She did you a favor.
Absolutely.
You can do so much better.
Oh, my God.
Insanely better.
No, he’s not kidding.
Brandon,
you are seriously gorge!
If you ask me, she got
the better end of the deal.
- You really think so?
- Yes!
Yes!
And her whole
fake blonde thing?
It was kind of trampy.
And truth be told,
she didn’t seem that bright.
Is she older than you?
She looked significantly
older than you.
Trust us.
This is the–
[ Together ] best thing
that’s ever happened to you.
Oh! Thank God
you’re still here!
I was on my way home,
and all of a sudden,
I started crying.
And I realized
I was just scared,
and I love you,
and I’m so, so sorry.
And, yes, Brandon,
if you’ll still have me,
yes, I will marry you!
Okay.
Well, good luck.
So nice meeting you.
Yeah, take care.
Okay.